c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\HCIprojekat.exe.config
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\HCIprojekat.exe
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\HCIprojekat.pdb
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\FormVrsta.g.cs
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\FormVrsta.baml
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.g.resources
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.exe
c:\users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.pdb
C:\Users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajEtiketu.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajTip.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajEtiketu.baml
C:\Users\mihajlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajTip.baml
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\HCIprojekat.exe.config
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.exe
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.pdb
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\HCIprojekat.exe
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\HCIprojekat.pdb
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajEtiketu.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajTip.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\FormVrsta.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajEtiketu.baml
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajTip.baml
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\FormVrsta.baml
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.g.resources
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\HCIprojekat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajEtiketaVrsta.g.cs
C:\Users\mihajlo\Desktop\HCIprojekat\HCIprojekat\obj\Debug\DodajEtiketaVrsta.baml
